README.md, before:

# sf-enchilada

A repo containing all useful general information for porting to the OnePlus 6 / enchilada.

<img src="images/about.png" alt="about" width="260"></img>

## Build Guide

[Instructions here](building.md)

# Issues

Please use this repository for all issues with functionality on the device or with porting, I'm always trying to improve my device specific guide. If you have a problem please feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/sailfish-oneplus6/sf-enchilada/issues/new)

## When creating an issue

### Include

* Output of `journalctl -b`
* Output of `logcat`
* Output of `dmesg`

# Releases

All releases will be [posted here](https://github.com/sailfish-oneplus6/sf-enchilada/releases), watching this repo will cause you to be notified every time I release a new version!

# Pull Requests

We all love a good PR, if you feel like contributing to this project feel free to checkout the [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/xHiboUsv/sfos-enchilada) for things that need to be done.
Please include a detailed description along with your PR.

Commit message:

[readme] Add Discord link and request for new devs

README.md, after:

# Looking for new maintainers!

If you have any experience developing / maintaining Sailfish - or are keen to learn, [fire me an email](mailto:sfos@connolly.tech?subject=[SFOS] New Maintainer), join the Discord (link below) and PM KALUBE, or message me on telegram @kalubeee.

A repo containing all useful general information for porting to the OnePlus 6 / enchilada.

Hop in the Discord here: https://discord.gg/haVG9Ga

<img src="images/about.png" alt="about" width="260"></img>

## Build Guide

[Instructions here](building.md)

# Issues

Please use this repository for all issues with functionality on the device or with porting, I'm always trying to improve my device specific guide. If you have a problem please feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/sailfish-oneplus6/sf-enchilada/issues/new)

## When creating an issue

### Include

* Output of `journalctl -b`
* Output of `logcat`
* Output of `dmesg`

# Releases

All releases will be [posted here](https://github.com/sailfish-oneplus6/sf-enchilada/releases), watching this repo will cause you to be notified every time I release a new version!

# Pull Requests

We all love a good PR, if you feel like contributing to this project feel free to checkout the [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/xHiboUsv/sfos-enchilada) for things that need to be done.
Please include a detailed description along with your PR.
